Pootle is a web translation engine

How it works
------------
The concept is: a PO file is a document, so lets use PO files directly, rather than storing it in a database.
But we need quick access to statistics so we cache them in .stats files. This lets us do most checks etc in advance and then iterate quickly.

Requirements
-------------
Pootle needs to be installed as part of the whole translate package from translate.sf.net as it uses most of the other modules.
translate requires Python 2.2 or higher, but Pootle itself probably only works with Python 2.3 or higher.
translate must be installed properly i.e. it needs to be accessible in your Python Path. This will normally be accomplished by installing from source (python setup.py install).
For the web interface, Pootle requires jToolkit. The home page is http://jtoolkit.sourceforge.net/
jToolkit can run applications either via Apache using mod_python, or standalone from the command line.
Pootle works best at the moment being run from the command line since we don't handle inter-process locking etc.
It's also much easier!

Running
-------
To run, edit pootle.prefs and specify your languages and projects. The key detail here is the podir for each project.
Then from the pootle directory run pootle.py
To see the options give it --help but basically you can tell it which prefs file to use, and what port to run on (the default is 8080). The defaults will generally work.

Then go to http://localhost:8080/ (or put a different number in if you want) and begin!

To stop, press Ctrl-C. On Windows, it will only react to the Ctrl-C after a webpage is requested.

Notes
-----

Files should be reindexed automatically.
To reindex manually, simply remove any stats files you want reindexed, or run ./pootle.py --refreshstats

Assignments
-----------

To assign sstrings to users, you need to create a xxx.po.assigns file in the same directory as xxx.po
This should contain lines in the following format:
username: action: 0,2-34,36,99
where action can be 'suggest' or 'review', and the numbers refer to 0-based item numbers in the file

